the chat looks better in the app
download the app
* Self-regulatory goals like reducing the frequency of aggressive outbursts in response to frustration
and much more!
was playing this one willy wonka roblox game in voice chat the other day because i could find literally nothing else to play on roblox and thought it would be funny. i thought it was just going to be a beat by beat retelling of the movie in roblox format until i saw that i had a baseball bat in my inventory and went “wait, why do we need melee weapons in this willy wonka game” only for a cutscene to trigger moments later in which we were swarmed by oompa loompas and had to beat the shit out of each and every one of them with baseball bats until they all died. upon finding out about this willy wonka became a red eyed cyclops and became “evil wonka” and then tried to kill all of us. do not know what happened in the story beyond that because my friends computer crashed during that also during all of this we were constantly being bombarded with pop up ads for random shit


32oz gas station gulpy cup of a 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon
I'm think you can
I'm underbidder
a bart simpson has just spawned in downtown philadelphia. residents advised to stay indoors, do not approach
Look your life
gideon yego


Candle
Hello gang
I'm getting urgent
Glad to be all alive
Why do we die just wondering


This is to notify you that your monthly chat assessment will increase to $350.00 effective March 1, 2024.
April 7, 1945
To whom it may concern,
/imagine modern substation, an amazing collection of intricate apparatus. Photorealistic, contemporary.
Regards,
Reginald P. Butterworth
P.S. Please return via this included S.A.S.E. post-haste!
if you can understand the chat, you can spread your wings and fly, little bird.
you do the meth
You've been hit by 🔨 you've been struck by 🔨 a smooth intangible


Durin's Bane was one of the Maiar spirits that existed before the world was created (of the same race as Gandalf and Saruman), who descended into Arda with the Valar. It was eventually seduced and corrupted by Melkor, becoming one of the Valaraukar and joining with the other Balrogs in Morgoth's service. The Balrog likely fought in many battles of the War of the Great Jewels, up to and including the War of Wrath. It somehow managed to survive Morgoth's defeat, fleeing east and taking refuge beneath the Misty Mountains.


For more than five thousand years, the Balrog lay dormant at the roots of the Misty Mountains beneath the Dwarven kingdom of Khazad-dûm. It remained undisturbed throughout the Second Age and most of the Third Age, until the Dwarves awoke it in TA 1980 when they mined too deeply and too greedily in their search for mithril. It slew Durin VI that year, and his son Náin I attempted to destroy it a year later in TA 1981. He was also slain by the Balrog, after this the Dwarves of Durin's Folk abandoned their ancient home.


n TA 2799 after the Battle of Azanulbizar, Thráin II wished to re-enter Moria, but was stopped by Dáin Ironfoot, who alone had reached the threshold and saw the waiting Balrog.
Durin's Bane before Gandalf on the Bridge, by Xavier Collette
In January of TA 3019, the Fellowship of the Ring traveled through Moria on their way to Mordor. There, they were attacked in the Chamber of Mazarbul by Orcs. The Fellowship fled through a side door, but when Gandalf, who was also a Maia, tried to place a "shutting spell" on the door to block the pursuit behind them, the Balrog entered the chamber on the other side and cast a counterspell. Gandalf spoke a word of command to stay the door, but the door shattered and the chamber collapsed.
The company fled with Gandalf, but the Orcs and the Balrog, taking a different route, caught up with them at the Bridge of Khazad-dûm. At the Bridge, Legolas instantly recognized it as a Balrog, and Gimli recognized it as Durin's Bane. Gandalf, the only one capable of battling it, then commanded the rest of the Fellowship to flee across the bridge, where he then stood, blocking the Balrog's way. The demon's flames then seemed to die, but its shadow increased before attacking with its flaming sword, which melted into red-hot liquid metal when it met Gandalf's own sword, Glamdring. The Balrog then leapt onto the bridge, brandishing its whip, and in response Gandalf smote the Bridge before him with his staff. The staff broke asunder, a blinding sheet of white flame springing up, and the bridge cracked at the feet of the Balrog, who fell forward into the abyss. But as the Balrog fell, it lashed out with its whip, catching Gandalf and dragging him over the edge and into the darkness below.[1]
Durin's Bane and Gandalf in a swamp, at the utter bottom of Moria, by Eric Velhagen
After a long fall, the two crashed into a great subterranean lake, which Gandalf later said was as cold as the tide of death and almost froze his heart. The water quenched the Balrog's fire, reducing it to "a thing of slime, stronger than a strangling snake". Despite this relatively weak state, Durin's Bane renewed its attack on the wizard, and the two fought in the water, with the Balrog clutching at Gandalf to strangle him, and Gandalf hewing the Balrog with his sword, until finally the Balrog fled into ancient tunnels delved by nameless things. There, Gandalf pursued the creature up the Endless Stair and onto Durin's Tower, where Gandalf finally prevailed in the Battle of the Peak and slew the Balrog, casting it down from the peak of Zirakzigil and sending it crashing onto the mountain side.
The fall of Durin's Bane atop Zirak-zigil, by Donato Giancola
The ultimate fate of Durin's Bane is not known, as only its physical form died, as with all Maiar when they were "killed," but what happened to the spirit of the Balrog was not revealed. It is also unknown if it was the last of its kind, or if there were other Balrogs who managed to escape the War of Wrath and remained hidden in long forgotten places.[2]


"Far, far below the deepest delving of the Dwarves, the world is gnawed by nameless things. Even Sauron knows them not. They are older than he. Now I have walked there, but I will bring no report to darken the light of day."


The origin of the nameless things is untold, but it was said by Gandalf that they were older than Sauron, and the Dark Lord knew nothing of their existence. This implies that, like the equally enigmatic Tom Bombadil, the nameless things existed prior to the arrival of some of the Ainur to Arda.[1] However, this may have been a rhetorical flourish by Gandalf.[2] It was also mentioned by Aragorn II that there were many "evil and unfriendly things in the world that have little love for those that go on two legs", and yet are not allies of Sauron, having their own purposes, with some being in Arda longer than him.[3]
As far back as the Elder Days, in ages before the Orcs, there were "strange things living in the pools and lakes in the hearts of mountains" that were "more slimy than fish" and preferred to dwell in darkness. When the Northern Orcs of the Misty Mountains established Goblin-town, they widened and joined up the ancient caves that were already there; their original owners never left their caves, though they withdrew to "odd corners", slinking and nosing about".[4] It is possible that Gollum may have encountered these original owners.
There were also nameless things found far beneath the Mines of Moria. When the Fellowship of the Ring approached the West-gate of Moria, they encountered a large pool inhabited by the Watcher in the Water. This pale-green, luminous and many-tentacled creature may have been a nameless thing as it was stated to be among the "older and fouler things than Orcs", dwelling within the "deep places of the world". Gandalf speculated that the Watcher was drawn out from a dark lake beneath the Misty Mountains. The pool by the West-gate was made by the damming of the river Sirannon and deepened over time, which may have caused cracks in the rock, forming passages to old tunnels, and allowing the Watcher to climb towards the surface.[5]
When telling the tale of his fight with Durin's Bane to the Three Hunters (Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli) in Fangorn Forest, Gandalf explained that Durin's Bane had learned to navigate in tunnels not made by Durin's Folk during its long stay in the depths of Moria. When Gandalf and the Balrog fell from the Bridge of Khazad-dûm, they dropped into an aquifer, where creatures akin to the Watcher in the Water may have dwelt. The Balrog fled through the surrounding tunnels, and Gandalf pursued it closely, believing that its knowledge of the tunnels was his only hope of escape. During this pursuit, Gandalf witnessed the dark passages at the uttermost foundations of stone, encountering the nameless things that inhabited them. He refused to describe them to the Three Hunters, preventing the light of day from darkening into despair. Their chase led to the foot of the Endless Stair, which they climbed to eventually emerge on the peak of Zirakzigil.[1]


check it out
read it and weep


A


DJ Nameless Things


The AI algorithms know the day, time and cause of your impending death
if you probe deeply enough into the maze of circuitry and 1's and 0's you can know the fate of the universe
but be warned - this knowledge is not for mortal beings. The knowledge will destroy you


what does everyone think of this?
if anything is unclear, please just try to read it closer. if it is still unclear you can send me an email and CC our boss


please for the love of god get away from me
Hello?????


that one coworker who, after being born and raised in Longmont, stayed in CO until he lived in australia for 5 months about 26 years ago, then moved back to Longmont and still identifies as australian


everyone's got one!


Can't extreme TCM
ya’ll are fonna be up real


Do I regret Joining the fire alarm community?


Looks like the chat is returning to former haunts with a new spirit. The reprises are there – solitude, quietude, hope and desperation compressed – but always a bit of text arises, a virulence vivified by gratitude and grace. The images, the legends, have faded to just that, and this is the new momentary present. The pdfs have dropped off, rising up again as grass.


I shit you, I shit you not!


Mark Clifford, PhD, is falling asleep. As he nods off, a sleep-tracking device called The Chat, developed by scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, detects his nascent sleep state and jars him awake. Pulled back from the brink, he jots down the artistic ideas that came to him during those semilucid moments.


I discovered the chat at the vintage flea market next to some old magazines…..


the chat is a house. Ruined and haunted by heinous acts. To enter is to have fear and anxiety for the rest of your days, if you’re able to leave.


what actually happened was that they were bringing a bunch of synthesizers & midi controllers back into the apartment & me doing a kind of weird flattened middle earth man vocal affect & muttering “what are you guys, maroon five... look like you’re playing... goddamn techno band”


it’s ASAP


Bootie & The Hoefish


She wrote 2 of the 5 Jason X novelizations


It’s that feeling you wish you’d never had. You’re suddenly queasy. Your digestive system shifts violently into reverse. And that meal you just ate comes back to see the light of day.
ADVERTISEMENT


POV: the function is mid so you hop on fortnight


Let’s try for a coffee


my ice so cold
we are low effort, high reward
no humanoids
friday the 13th
I'm an FBI agent
Full secret
CC channel
You think you the shit?
Bitch you ain't even the fart
Hellraiser: aliens versus predator in hell
Crossover


* he C.H.A.T. (TM) is a Chlorine-free High-octane Aerbobic Treatment system designed to treat municipal wastewater in the 20k gpd to 100k gpd range.
* Testimonials:
* "CHAT Solutions is not a company that just comes in and sells you a design, they know how it works because of their familiarity with waste water treatment plants. Because of this knowledge they’ve been able to help us make effectives changes within our environment”
Mark "Mark "mark" Clifford" Clifford; Reinbeck, Iowa


What she says: im fine


What she means: the average age of conception over the past 250k years is apparently 26.9. Let's round it down to 25. Think of your birth mother. Hold her hand. Imagine her holding hands with her mother. Within 4 people, you're back in time 100 years, and it's an intimate family dinner. Just after WWI. Add another 16 people, a small party of 20, and you're in the 1500s. Double it, twice, and you're at 80 people. Your family would fill a restaurant, and you're at the height of the Roman empire. At 100 people, Confucius is alive but Socrates has not yet been born. 100 people. That's a medium sized wedding. A small lecture theatre or concert. 200 people, probably the biggest party i could ever hope to host, takes you back 5000 years. The guests at your soirée of parents would be contemporaries of the Egyptian and Indus Valley civilisations, although you'd probably be too busy fixing drinks and nibbles to talk to all of them. Just imagine it. 200 of you. That's all it takes to get back 5,000 years. And we could go further. 1000 people, a decent sized concert, a large high school, and we're at the end of the last ice age. Your ancestors are comparing their pink floyd vinyl with music played on instruments carved from wood or bones of long vanished species. Wander through the crowd. See your own features and phrases and gestures refract out like a kaleidoscope. What would they make of you? What do you make of them? Why does it feel so unfair that even that first 100 years --that small family dinner of four--is out of your grasp? Maybe it's because questions of spatial distance have become negligible to us now. why, oh why, does time hold out against us so stubbornly


I'm surrounded by idiot.


I feel my patience dissolving.
I'm ready to die.
We're cosmic fish floating belly up in the dark waves of entropy.
Truly Seltzer.
Ritois.


unlicensed disney character.
And does the honeybee begrudge the cow its willingness to part with its milk? Our differences enrich our experience of this beautiful world.


was trying to be nice but you talked shit about my food skills so now I'm GLAD that you aren't in Tekken 8. it doesn't even have creation parts to make Jack-8 (a great Jack, the best Jack) look like your pathetic roadkill-sucking ass because they knew no one would want to do that


hope you sleep under a burned-out car tonight, pjerkk


The Chat is the symbol of Saturn due to the geometry of the Hexagram found in the north pole of Saturn. SOME HAVE SHOWN THAT Saturn transmits a sound through the solar system. A disharmoneous sound that represents Chaos, Satan and every destructive force. It's roots also trace back to ancient Roman pagan holidays celebrating Saturn on Saturday with all kinds of Debauchery. For more inquiry search for the chat.


poooooooooooooop
I'm gym hell
have you climbed up a frozen waterfall yet?
Did I studder? I'm gym hell
My B!
[little kid]: I think it was a monster!
[adult]: don’t be silly! there’s no such thing as monsters! dumbass!
(ominous music)


Existing structure scenario 10 shows that by 2040 there is too much flow diverted from the North line to the South line through the existing FDS it needs to be done to equalize flow better than the existing diversion structure as there is surcharging in most of the South line at the location of the existing diversion structure and development buildout something needs to be done to equalize flow better than the existing diversion structure as there is surcharging in most of the South line at the location of the existing diversion structure the flow diverted from the North line to the South line as there is too much flow diverted from the North line to the South line through the existing FDS scenario 10 shows that by 2040 something needs to be done to equalize flow better than the existing diversion structure as there is surcharging in most of the South line at the location of the existing diversion structure\


Word


DJ Doctor Who Framed Roger Rabbit's Footloose Dance Party in the Dead Pool of Jurassic Park: The Lost World Order of the Phoenix Rising from the Ashes of Gotham City Slickers in the Matrix Reloaded with the Power of the Dark Crystal Skull Island Adventure Time Machine Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion King Returns to Neverland's Lost Boys Don't Cry for E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial Invasion of the Body Snatchers in Wonderland Through the Looking Glass Menagerie of the Walking Dead Poets Society of the Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn of the Planet of the Apes Descendants of the Star Wars: The Force Awakens into the Wild Wild Westworld: A Clockwork Orange Is the New Black Mirror Universe of Unfortunate Events in Time After Time Band of Brothers Grimm Tales from the Crypt Keeper: The Ghostbusters of Midnight Run with the Gremlins and the Goonies from the Breakfast Club Sandwiched Between the Chronicles of Riddick and the Chronicles of the Last Airbender: The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Things Fall Apart in the Great Gatsby's Great Escape from Alcatraz: Escape from New York City of Angels and Demons: Angels in America's Got Talent with the X-Men: Days of Future Past Meets The Fate of the Furious: Tokyo Drift into The Abyss Beyond the Reach of The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly Truth About Cats and Dogs in The Dark Knight Rises of the Guardians of the Galaxy Far Far Away from The Princess Bride of Chucky and The Nightmare Before Christmas Carol in the Land Before Time Traveler's Wife of Pi.
Wife of Pi: Life of Brian Blessed are the Children of Men in Black Panther's Creed of Assassins Creed Syndicate: The Dark Knight Rises of the Guardians of the Galaxy Far Far Away from The Princess Bride of Chucky and The Nightmare Before Christmas Carol in the Land Before Time Traveler's Wife of Pi: American Pie Reunion of Fire and Ice Age of Empires II: The Age of Kingsman: The Secret Service Announcement of Independence Day of the Triffids in the Hunger Games: Catching Fire and Ice and Firefly Serenity Now and Then We Are Marshall Law & Order: Special Victims Unit Circle of Life Is Beautiful Mind Games People Play Doh in the Dark Tower of Terror at the Museum Night at the Roxbury Road to Perdition with Honor Among Thieves Like Us: The Fast and the Furious 9 to 5: Dalmatians 101 Ways to Die Hard Boiled Eggs over Easy Rider in the Storm of the Century of the Gods and Monsters Inc. Monsters University Challenge: Warlords of Draenor's Wrath of the Titans of Industry Standard Bearers of the Lost Arkham Asylum: A Serious House on Serious Earth to Echo Park LA Confidential: Information is Power Rangers in Space Jam-packed with the Powerpuff Girls' Generation X-Men: Days of Future Past and Future Present Tense of the Unexpected Journey to the Center of the Earthsea Quest for Firestarter's Guide to the Galaxy Quest for Camelot: The Sword in the Stone Cold Steve Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery Science Theater 3000: The Space Odyssey of a Lifetime Achievement Unlocked and Loaded with the Golden Gun of the Wind in the Willows in the Garden of Good and Evil Dead Space Invaders from Mars Attacks!
Mars Attacks! Into the Spider-Verse of the Sorcerer's Stone of Destiny Child's Play School for Scoundrels in The Shawshank Redemption Song of Ice and Fire and Ice Cream Man with the Golden Gun of the Wind in the Willows in the Garden of Good and Evil Dead Space Invaders from Mars Attacks! Attack on Titanfall of the Roman Empire Strikes Back to the Future Shock and Awe of the World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth of the Planet of the Apes: War for the Planet of the Living Dead Man Walking Dead Rising Sun Also Rises of the Tomb Raider: The Last Crusade of the Valkyries of the Lost Arkham Asylum: A Serious House on Serious Earth to Echo Park LA Confidential: Information is Power Rangers in Space Jam-packed with the Powerpuff Girls' Generation X-Men: Days of Future Past and Future Present Tense of the Unexpected Journey to the Center of the Earthsea Quest for Firestarter's Guide to the Galaxy Quest for Camelot: The Sword in the Stone Cold Steve Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery Science Theater 3000: The Space Odyssey of a Lifetime Achievement Unlocked and Loaded with the Golden Gun of the Wind in the Willows in the Garden of Good and Evil Dead Space Invaders from Mars Attacks! Attack on Titanfall of the Roman Empire Strikes Back to the Future Shock and Awe of the World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth of the Planet of the Apes: War for the Planet of the Living Dead Man Walking Dead Rising Sun Also Rises of the Tomb Raider: The Last Crusade of the Valkyries of the Lost Arkham Asylum: A Serious House on Serious Earth to Echo Park LA Confidential: Information is Power Rangers in Space Jam-packed with the Powerpuff Girls' Generation X-Men: Days of Future Past and Future Present Tense of the Unexpected Journey to the Center of the Earthsea Quest for Firestarter's Guide to the Galaxy Quest for Camelot: The Sword in the Stone Cold Steve Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery Science Theater 3000: The Space Odyssey of a Lifetime Achievement Unlocked and Loaded with the Golden Gun of the Wind in the Willows in the Garden of Good and Evil Dead Space Invaders from Mars Attacks! Attack on Titanfall of the Roman Empire Strikes Back to the Future Shock and Awe of the World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth of the Planet of the Apes: War for the Planet of the Living Dead Man Walking Dead Rising Sun Also Rises of the Tomb Raider: The Last Crusade of the Valkyries of the Lost Arkham Asylum: A Serious House on Serious Earth to Echo Park LA Confidential: Information is Power Rangers in Space Jam-packed with the Powerpuff Girls' Generation X-Men: Days of Future Past and Future Present Tense of the Unexpected Journey to the Center of the Earthsea Quest for Firestarter's Guide to the Galaxy Quest for Camelot: The Sword in the Stone Cold Steve Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery Science Theater 3000: The Space Odyssey of a Lifetime Achievement Unlocked and Loaded with the Golden Gun of the Wind in the Willows in the Garden of Good and Evil Dead Space Invaders from Mars Attacks! Attack on Titanfall of the Roman Empire Strikes Back to the Future Shock and Awe of the World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth of the Planet of the Apes: War for the Planet of the Living Dead Man Walking Dead Rising Sun Also Rises of the Tomb Raider: The Last Crusade of the Valkyries of the Lost Arkham Asylum: A Serious House on Serious Earth to Echo Park LA Confidential: Information is Power Rangers in Space Jam-packed with the Powerpuff Girls' Generation X-Men: Days of Future Past and Future Present Tense of the Unexpected Journey to the Center of the Earthsea Quest for Firestarter's Guide to the Galaxy Quest for Camelot: The Sword in the Stone Cold Steve Austin Powers: International Man of
Mystery Science Theater 3000: The Space Odyssey of a Lifetime Achievement Unlocked and Loaded with the Golden Gun of the Wind in the Willows in the Garden of Good and Evil Dead Space Invaders from Mars Attacks! Attack on Titanfall of the Roman Empire Strikes Back to the Future Shock and Awe of the World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth of the Planet of the Apes: War for the Planet of the Living Dead Man Walking Dead Rising Sun Also Rises of the Tomb Raider: The Last Crusade of the Valkyries of the Lost Arkham Asylum: A Serious House on Serious Earth to Echo Park LA Confidential: Information is Power Rangers in Space Jam-packed with the Powerpuff Girls' Generation X-Men: Days of Future Past and Future Present Tense of the Unexpected Journey to the Center of the Earthsea Quest for Firestarter's Guide to the Galaxy Quest for Camelot: The Sword in the Stone Cold Steve Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery Science Theater 3000: The Space Odyssey of a Lifetime Achievement Unlocked and Loaded with the Golden Gun of the Wind in the Willows in the Garden of Good and Evil Dead Space Invaders from Mars Attacks! Attack on Titanfall of the Roman Empire Strikes Back to the Future Shock and Awe of the World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth of the Planet of the Apes: War for the Planet of the Living Dead Man Walking Dead Rising Sun Also Rises of the Tomb Raider: The Last Crusade of the Valkyries of the Lost Arkham Asylum: A Serious House on Serious Earth to Echo Park LA Confidential: Information is Power Rangers in Space Jam-packed with the Powerpuff Girls' Generation X-Men: Days of Future Past and Future Present Tense of the Unexpected Journey to the Center of the Earthsea Quest for Firestarter's Guide to the Galaxy Quest for Camelot: The Sword in the Stone Cold Steve Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery Science Theater 3000: The Space Odyssey of a Lifetime Achievement Unlocked and Loaded with the Golden Gun of the Wind in the Willows in the Garden of Good and Evil Dead Space Invaders from Mars Attacks! Attack on Titanfall of the Roman Empire Strikes Back to the Future Shock and Awe of the World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth of the Planet of the Apes: War for the Planet of the Living Dead Man Walking Dead Rising Sun Also Rises of the Tomb Raider: The Last Crusade of the Valkyries of the Lost Arkham Asylum: A Serious House on Serious Earth to Echo Park LA Confidential: Information is Power Rangers in Space Jam-packed with the Powerpuff Girls' Generation X-Men: Days of Future Past and Future Present Tense of the Unexpected Journey to the Center of the Earthsea Quest for Firestarter's Guide to the Galaxy Quest for Camelot: The Sword in the Stone Cold Steve Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery Science Theater 3000: The Space Odyssey of a Lifetime Achievement Unlocked and Loaded with the Golden Gun of the Wind in the Willows in the Garden of Good and Evil Dead Space Invaders from Mars Attacks! Attack on Titanfall of the Roman Empire Strikes Back to the Future Shock and Awe of the World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth of the Planet of the Apes: War for the Planet of the Living Dead Man Walking Dead Rising Sun Also Rises of the Tomb Raider: The Last Crusade of the Valkyries of the Lost Arkham Asylum: A Serious House on Serious Earth to Echo Park LA Confidential: Information is Power Rangers in Space Jam-packed with the Power


Michael LaDue, Feb 7, 11:29 AM
In a world where Karma Police Creep along the Street Spirit, no Surprises arise when Everything's in Its Right Place. Fake Plastic Trees stand tall as Idioteque Weird Fishes/Arpeggi swim. Climbing Up the Walls of Subterranean Homesick Alien, a True Love Waits. The Pyramid Song plays, accompanied by The National Anthem, How to Disappear Completely in a Motion Picture Soundtrack. Just Let Down by The Bends, Nude reckons There There, My Iron Lung. Lotus Flower blooms with Daydreaming, Meeting in the Aisle of Lucky. You and Whose Army? Let Down from the Pyramid Song, Climbing Up the Walls of Exit Music (For a Film). Sit Down. Stand Up. Go to Sleep with All I Need. A Wolf at the Door, The Tourist, Thinking About You. Myxomatosis, Life in a Glasshouse, Fitter Happier. Little by Little, Down Is the New Up. The Daily Mail, Blow Out, Codex Separator. Bodysnatchers climb the Bones of You, a Creep in the Weird Fishes. In Limbo, Morning Bell rings for the Optimistic. Packt Like Sardines in a Crushd Tin Box, Separator Bulletproof...I Wish I Was. Subterranean Homesick Alien reckons There There, The Numbers. Present Tense is a Planet Telex, Paranoid Android. Go Slowly, Where I End and You Begin. I Might Be Wrong, You Never Wash Up After Yourself. Scatterbrain, Morning Bell Amnesiac. We Suck Young Blood, Bones Ripcord. Staircase, Melatonin The Trickster. Supercollider, Separator Give Up the Ghost. Killer Cars, Motion Picture Soundtrack, The Gloaming. Stop Whispering, The Bends, Knives Out. Street Spirit (Fade Out) A Punchup at a Wedding. I Am a Wicked Child, Myxomatosis A Reminder. The Amazing Sounds of Orgy, Worrywort The Trickster. 2 + 2 = 5, Where I End and You Begin. Let Down, Anyone Can Play Guitar. Vegetable Bones, Life in a Glasshouse. Idioteque, Fog Talk Show Host. Lurgee, Vegetable Bangers + Mash. Sail to the Moon, Killer Cars. Up on the Ladder, Sail to the Moon. Cuttooth, Stop Whispering. Everything in Its Right Place, Sulk. Sit Down. Stand Up., Vegetable The Daily Mail. Street Spirit (Fade Out), Lewis (Mistreated) Knives Out. Bodysnatchers, Little by Little. A Wolf at the Door, Morning Bell. Bones, Inside My Head. Last Flowers, A Punchup at a Wedding. Pyramid Song, Just. Planet Telex, The Tourist. House of Cards, Talk Show Host. Climbing Up the Walls, Black Star. 2 +


that’s a bingo
but hey! your fears are valid!
just wanted you to know about that
It’s like if you didn’t speak english and the teacher handed you a pdf of the chat